Docs - Develop - Organize examples (#1228)
iotaledger/iota.rs: documentation/docs/libraries/nodejs/how_to/_06_get_address_balances/_expected_output.md

```json
Outputs controlled by rms1qpllaj0pyveqfkwxmnngz2c488hfdtmfrj3wfkgxtk4gtyrax0jaxzt70zy have: 2609275800glow and native tokens:  {
  '0x0808fb702d67fdb320b5959f152c0f962630515d904c71ed09447c341a6cc171de0100000000': 100,
  '0x0822ceb3166ad125d310e6660f5fc292356f87f2f9566e982ea22154cec3847b3f0100000000': 100,
  '0x085c6b799750bdf7e5a5c81144465a0676bc11dab74b997444ca369949341720e80100000000': 100,
  '0x08f708a29e9619e847916de76c2e167e87a704c235dcbd7cda018865be7f561b5a0100000000': 50,
  '0x08f1802858831220b282ccc4c557676d61f79833869de378ce9a81f736976ce39f0100000000': 50
}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```json

> Outputs controlled by rms1qpllaj0pyveqfkwxmnngz2c488hfdtmfrj3wfkgxtk4gtyrax0jaxzt70zy have: 2609275800glow and native tokens:  {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Outputs controlled by rms1qpllaj0pyveqfkwxmnngz2c488hfdtmfrj3wfkgxtk4gtyrax0jaxzt70zy have: 2609275800 glow and native tokens:  {
```
